Vigilant Squire 1W common
Creature - Squire
While vigiliant squire is untapped. All Knights have vigilance while vigilant squire is untapped
1/3
Mike: 3/5
Shane: 2/5
Alex: Might be able to push. Might be too hard. What if squires become knights. And then squires can support knights.

Brush Away 4U common
Instant
Return target creature to it's opponent's hand
Dominate - If you have more cards in hand than your opponent, return target creature to the top of it's owner's deck

Mike: 5/5
Shane: 5/5
Alex: 5/5 Dominate is keyed to hand size, maybe remove it.
Going to the card file!

Launcher Rigger 2 common
Artifact - Equipment Rigger
Equipped creature gains haste
Assembly 3R. Assemble this rigger for it's assembly cost. Equipped Creature gains flying
Equip 1

Shane: Anything that is equipment contrapation is too much for common.

Ooze machine 4 common
Artiface - Rigger
Sacrifice Ooze machine: gain 3 1/1 ooze token creatures
Assembly 2G - On your upkeep put a 1/1 ooze token

Mike: 4/5 very flavorful
Shane: make it 2 ooze tokens
Alex: Agreed
File ready on the change

Watch The Locals 2UU uncommon
Enchantment
Dominate - If you have more cards in hand than your opponent, Creatrues you don't control get -2/-0

Mike: I think it's too strong 4/5
Shane: Don't think it's too good 5/5
Alex: Too overwhelming. Maybe an additional effect: Maybe sac a card to turn it off. Or set 2UU.

Bully Ogre 2RR common
Creature - Ogre
Sunder
5/3

Cool it's in.

Tricky Knight 4W uncommon
Creature - Knight
If tricky knight is tapped, Squires you control have {T}: Untap target squire
4/4

Alex: Good opportunity for interesting card. 
Shane: Tap a squire you control: Tap a squire to untap a squire.
Mike: Too complicated! 1/5

Protectorate Squire 2W common
Creature - Squire
When protectorate squire is untapped All knights gain +0/+1 when attacking
1/3

Tunneling Zombie B common
Creature - Zombie
Submerge 1 ETB
1/1

going in the file

Slithering husk 4B common
Creature - Zombie
Submerge 2
2/4

Wicked Necromancer 2B uncommon
Creature - Human
When Wicked Necromancer attacks, reveal the bottom card of your library. Creatures with CMC greater than the revealed card are menace this turn
2/2

put it in!

Watery Resurrection 4B common
Sorcery
exile the bottom of your library. If it is a creature card, you may return it to the battlefield

Shane: Awesome


Jerryrigging goblin R common
Creature - Goblin
{T} Assemble a Rigger. If it does not have a red assembly cost, sacrifice it at the end of the turn
1/1

Shane: something for the 2nd set.

Static Shock 1R common
Instant
Deal 3 damage to target creature. If target creature is equipped, choose another target. That creature takes 2 damage

Shane: Consider disabiling ability.

Overrig 2R common
Sorcery
Assembly a rigger and equip it to target creature

Alex: Assemble a contraption. Deal damage equal to it's assemble cost.

Riggering vidalken 3U common
Creature - vialken
{T} Assemble a Rigger. If it has a blue assembly cost, you may draw a card.
1/2

Alex: Way too strong
Shane: Works to well with 

Metabolic Ooze 2GG common
When Metabolic Ooze dies, put 2 1/1 ooze token creatures on the battlefield
2/2

Shane: Allready there.

Strike Down 2BB common
Instant
Put taget creature on the bottom of it's owner's library

Alex: This is a white ability. Consider sorcery speed.
Shane: This is redonkulous

Steal from the grave 3RB uncommon
Look at the opponent's bottom card of the library. If it's a creature, gain control of that creature until the end of the turn. It gains haste and is exiled.

Shane: No mill. I'd love to push it up.
Alex: No mill

Hunter's bow 3 uncommon 2
Artifact - equipment rigger
equipped creature gains {T}: deal 1 damage to target non-flying creature
Assemble 1G - equipped creature also gains {T}: deal 2 damage to target flying creature
Equip 2

Shane: I like what it's doing. Next set maybe.
Alex: Equipped creature has reach maybe.